                       Contribution License Agreement

Microsoft asks that all contributors sign a contributor license agreement (CLA). 
CLAs are generally common and accepted in most open source software projects. 
We all want Microsoft's open source projects to be as widely used and 
distributed as possible. We also want its users to be confident about the 
origins and continuing existence of the code. The CLA helps us achieve that 
goal by ensuring that we have the agreement of our contributors to use their 
work, whether it be code, or documentation.

The CLA permits Microsoft to distribute your code without restriction. It 
doesn't require you to assign to us any copyright you have, the ownership of 
the copyright remains with you. You cannot withdraw permission for use of the 
contribution at a later date.

We are generally seeking originally authored code and documentation as 
contributions. Should you wish to submit materials that are not your original 
work, you may submit them separately to the Project in accordance with the terms 
of the CLA.

_______________________________________________________________________________

This Contribution License Agreement ("Agreement") is agreed to by the parties 
signing below ("You"), and conveys certain license rights to Microsoft 
Corporation and its affiliates ("Microsoft") for Your contributions to Microsoft 
open source projects. This Agreement is effective as of the latest signature 
date below ("Effective Date").

1. Definitions.

"Code" means the computer software code, whether in human-readable or 
machine-executable form, that is delivered by You to Microsoft under this 
Agreement.

"Project" means any of the projects owned or managed by Microsoft and offered 
under a license approved by the Open Source Initiative (www.opensource.org).

"Submit" is the act of uploading, submitting, transmitting, or distributing code 
or other content to any Project, including but not limited to communication on 
electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking 
systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Project for the purpose of 
discussing and improving that Project, but excluding communication that is 
conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as 
"Not a Submission."

"Submission" means the Code and any other copyrightable material Submitted by 
You, including any associated comments and documentation.

2. Your Submission. You must agree to the terms of this Agreement before making 
a Submission to any Project. This Agreement covers any and all Submissions that 
You, now or in the future (except as described in Section 4 below), Submit to  
any Project.

3. Originality of Work. You represent that each of Your Submissions is entirely 
Your original work. Should You wish to Submit materials that are not Your 
original work, You may Submit them separately to the Project if You (a) retain 
all copyright and license information that was in the materials as you received 
them, (b) in the description accompanying your Submission, include the phrase 
"Submission containing materials of a third party:" followed by the names of the 
third party and any licenses or other restrictions of which You are aware, and 
(c) follow any other instructions in the Project's written guidelines concerning 
Submissions.

4. Your Employer. If You have an employer (other than yourself), You must have 
the employer sign in one of the two spaces indicated below. If the employer 
signs in the first space, the term "You" in this Agreement will refer to You and 
the employer collectively. If You change employers in the future and desire to 
Submit additional Submissions, then You agree to sign a new Agreement signed by 
the new employer before Submitting those Submissions.

5. Licenses.

    a. Copyright License. You grant Microsoft, and those who receive the Code 
    directly or indirectly from Microsoft, a perpetual, worldwide, 
    non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable license in the Submission to 
    reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, 
    and distribute the Submission and such derivative works, and to sublicense 
    any or all of the foregoing rights to third parties.

    b. Patent License. You grant Microsoft, and those who receive the Code 
    directly or indirectly from Microsoft, a perpetual, worldwide, 
    non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable license under your patent claims 
    that directly read on the Code to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell 
    and import or otherwise dispose of the Code.

    c. Other Rights Reserved. Each party reserves all rights not expressly 
    granted in this Agreement. No additional licenses or rights whatsoever 
    (including, without limitation, any implied licenses) are granted by 
    implication, exhaustion, estoppel or otherwise.

6. Representations and Warranties. You represent that You are legally entitled 
to grant the above licenses. You represent that each of Your Submissions is 
entirely Your original work (except as you may have disclosed under Section 3). 
If an individual is signing this Agreement on behalf of the employer of a person 
making a Submission, pursuant to Section 4 above, the individual represents and 
warrants that he or she has the necessary authority to bind the listed employer 
to the obligations contained in this Agreement. You are not expected to provide 
support for Your Submission, unless you choose to do so. UNLESS REQUIRED BY 
APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING, AND EXCEPT FOR THE WARRANTIES EXPRESSLY 
STATED IN SECTIONS 3, 4, AND 6, THE SUBMISSION PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS 
PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY 
WARRANTY OF NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE.

7. Notice to Microsoft. You agree to notify Microsoft in writing of any facts or 
circumstances of which You later become aware that would make Your 
representations in this Agreement inaccurate in any respect.

8. Information about Submissions. You acknowledge that contributions to Projects 
and information about contributions may be maintained indefinitely and disclosed 
publicly, including your name and other information that you submit with Your 
Submission.

9. Governing Law/Jurisdiction/Attorneys' Fees. This Agreement shall be construed 
and controlled by the laws of the State of Washington, and the parties consent 
to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the federal courts sitting in King 
County, Washington, unless no federal subject matter jurisdiction exists, in 
which case the parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the 
Superior Court of King County, Washington. The parties waive all defenses of 
lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non-conveniens. Process may be served on 
either party in the manner authorized by applicable law or court rule. In any 
action to enforce any right or remedy under this Agreement or to interpret any 
provision of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover 
its reasonable attorneys' fees, costs and other expenses.

10. Entire Agreement/Assignment. This Agreement is the entire agreement between 
the parties, and supersedes any and all prior agreements, understandings or 
communications, written or oral, between the parties relating to the subject 
matter hereof. This Agreement may be assigned by Microsoft.


Name ("You"):
___________________________________________________________

Signature:
___________________________________________________________

Date:
___________________________________________________________

Primary email address:
___________________________________________________________

Mailing address:
___________________________________________________________

In addition to Your signature above, please initial one of the boxes below:

___  I am employed by someone else, and per Section 4 above, my employer, 
by signing below, agrees to be a party to this Agreement, and the defined term 
"You" includes my employer.

    Employer Name (Individual or Company): ____________________________________
    Signature: _________________________________________
    By:        _________________________________________
    Title:     _________________________________________
    Date:      _________________________________________

___  I am employed by someone else, and my employer, by signing below, waives 
any rights it may have to my Submissions by virtue of my having created it 
during the term of my employment (including by virtue of any contract with my 
employer). If signed below, the defined term "You" does not include my 
employer.

    Employer Name (Individual or Company): ____________________________________
    Signature: _________________________________________
    By:        _________________________________________
    Title:     _________________________________________
    Date:      _________________________________________

___  I am not employed by anyone (other than myself) and have sole rights to my 
Submissions.

If you have multiple employers, please attach a signature page for each of the 
employers.
